# Lets-Develop-a-Researcher-Robot
PURE (Program for Undergraduate Research) Human-Robot Interaction project with MLTLab in Sabanci University and Tamagawa University in Japan. Developed the human interaction and navigation software of the SoftBank Pepper using Python and Choreographe. 

Robots have an active and irreplaceable place in almost every aspect of people's daily lives. As the studies in mechatronics and artificial intelligence progress, the areas where robots operate are increasing day by day. Especially with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, robots have started to be used more in many fields to reduce physical contact between people and to prevent the spread of the pandemic. In this project, it is aimed to develop  a “Researcher Robot” which will take the role of research assistant and the robot will greet the incoming participants, chat with them and direct them to the correct study according to their preferences. In the scope of the project, the “Greeting and Ice-breaking” and “Taking Participants to the Research Room” part of the program of the robot had been developed. The implementation of this program focused on robots' interaction with humans and its interaction with the environment through its sensors. The research and programming of these sections carried out through four main functionalities which were Dialogue, Face Detection, Speech Recognition and Movements. The SoftBank Robotics’ humanoid robot Pepper was used in this project and software development of the Pepper was carried out using Choregraphe 2.5.10.7.
 
 
Keywords: Human-Robot Interaction, Social Robots, Social Facilitation, Humanoid Robots, COVID-19
